we showed that she kept 326 1 and that is done in canada summer
enamelled with incidents that's not growth 4 you guys are going to
see today Monday with in canvas of the star associated these countries
now find sushi everywhere
the same despite this purpose
over 60 and over with a free-kick master wrapped in the maquis
spread on rice in the new life
and in all its splendor in its fall
but the fish while eating sushi
is he really the one to the posted in the immediate
we took tea 51 samples of marigolds in 19 places a man is a
drama of the ttp
counters of small and large restaurants and of course all
spices
if the pulpit labs I even wrote conservation resources
Aquatic Center at Laval University
who analyzed fish samples later in test tubes
the lab validated the bm the genetic code of each of the fish a
extremely pessimistic identification method that straightens the bar
the results they left us
the actors concerned for what you
you bought a place for two positions related to what it repeats
in fact him old problem
I took four substitute awards the red called in English
takes place this morning in the multi
in 8 places where we ordered twelve hectares got it from the tilapia of
mozambique a fish that costs twice as much
the 500 meter high class and this site on the shutter
here for sushi and bars and then we do not talk 300
it's not the same family of fish the mullet was decided to be
marry or the goal is to commercially exploit apart from the page then
that leaves the mozambique box
in the freshwater fish that is massively to produce in aquaculture
Senators thinking she knew no less current than I am
less young too
according to some restaurateurs that we have faced the results of
analyzes
the fault lies with pau distributors
distributors and tantalum ethics it's impossible he despises on the
sold fish
if the restaurateurs received tilapia it is because they ordered
tilapia
and no, I swear
but it's good
Accurate courtesy I see them that with the insurers who speaks to all
savannah users know-how serge gamma parmalat europa or a little
with the confusion in the marble
at Orly airport versus only 25% a restaurant chain and
8 rebounds recognized that there was a problem and he was going to correct the
situation
before putting forward the reference talent at power
that's how it works well that the flying fish of his ferrari but the
project is trying to similarly so to qualify a little more with
companies because a lot of police reports for changes to the project
possible it is exceptional we wait
this new vincennes console 16 hours
in conclusion
but it would be now at the gates of his revenge on the people of France
which is a guarantee with yet bonus chains
in honor
gives in addition to study how to understand that he taught his parents
judged yes in sarthe
nothing
second major case this time it is the case of bad identification this
sample anthony dance this restaurant under the name of time with the
people are not actually from the indy japan series
a fish that is not at all part of the family of times
and ceded them to the pension breaks the cnds he is then sent
hp is good
at the time of allowing them to be simple
this is his second interview teaching the transaction
and this anger this disaster
how to cross his shot instead of the time of the rda
my apartment either of this is the condition the new croissant on the
market viviane wade task
or bluefin tuna
just 24 years old
rougemont the name tuna red huge buzz to maroua movie a species
the most threatened mans
all those people who have the same
that the red background that we buy and the sooner the video body alba frima in
English in the heat in his letter m
the rise is from
Friday
The escapees
the prosecution was 16
you will train young people well
this was happening
a few years
this sport within what is sold in quebec city imports
From 9 years old
you have certain countries that have had regulars places did I
hope
I try to digest this total 1 5% in all isolated cases are still
revealing instead of having cabinet i take this with labcorp 23 times
cheaper
padlock and young woman as she does not hear the same thing so much
man
in euros market level its qualities - and break
the state of the marriages
nothing
a blood sample turned out to be rainbow trout
this aborted project with respect to rainbow trout I think in term
quality of the purchase without it it does not pray percent
in the dark past
but his buddies on the water this is attention 10 in summary on the 51
samples
800 by then that there is more and more homogeneous
700 of the lol series and no time with people
three time white with no badly identified the eight-year-old rousson of alba body they
had to eat
a snow crab and earlier any case like
and finally instead 200 dead in the rainbow trout
tobacco from the accession of abdallah popular nomenclature so unused
by scientists
that's what is not to displease customers the company the player
jean-marc sabathé we still wish him
as part of their people parallel the head of the forces
pro-Gaddafi in Islam at least the fish species there is one of
related functions announced as well as calls for employment
26 6%
the debts of the federal level so at the level of the Canadian arrangement
of food inspection deep down this murder at least for the ministry
Fisheries and Food Agriculture in Quebec
priority if hygiene and food safety
but he also has the power to check the allegations that are on the menu
although nothing obliges the restorers to provide Saint-Malo in fragments
iniesta fate an enemy that must be the voice of formations it is certain that
that's when his wife is pregnant before secession can not sell the
house made a complaint to our offices and attack at five months
after being conducted within 96 1
not so obvious to recognize the substitution ab - how we saw
to analyze the bm of each fish countertop the strain
dare to hope when we will provide the right species no but there it is by
moreover
freche also powerful mage of raw fish
but in the opinion of a lot of experts governments have to make the big
housekeeping in this sea beautiful precision this this identification we
agree that it takes to realize that I think that should be
realized a little more systematic
the purpose we find for what we would like to see